Fixing the glossary definitions to be more realistic. (#744)
OSC/ood-documentation: source/glossary.rst

========

   Cluster
     Physical machines with a resource scheduler that users can submit jobs to.

   Compute-node
     The machine where a submitted job runs. Part of a cluster.

   Login-node
     A server on the compute cluster that can be anything from the OOD dashboard itself, to a shell, to the file-browser app, etc. 
     Runs on the cluster but is not a compute-node.

   Web-node
     A term used for when a site or institution has enough funds/personel to run the OOD login on a dedicated server and not on a login-node. 

>      this is.

Author: ```suggestion
```

========

   Cluster
     Physical machines with a resource scheduler that users can submit jobs to.

   Compute-node
     The machine where a submitted job runs. Part of a cluster.

   Login-node
     A server on the compute cluster that can be anything from the OOD dashboard itself, to a shell, to the file-browser app, etc. 

>      A specific type of compute-node.

Author: ```suggestion
     Runs on the cluster but is not a compute-node.
```

   Web-node
     A term used for when a site or institution has enough funds/personel to run the OOD login on a dedicated server and not on a login-node. 

>      This term is a bit wonky and I'd recommend avoiding it as it only creates confusion. Better to say "Dedicated server" to convey what 

Author: ```suggestion

```

     this is.

   PUN

>     The Per User Nginx. Used to namespace a user through a process ID.

Author: ```suggestion
    The Per User Nginx. An Nginx instance running as the user.
```
